so what is your favorite part about
Milan Fashion Week I feel like I'm
Italian so I'm very proud of all the
Italian brands I feel like made in it
that is such an important future and I'm
very proud to be here and they're happy
to see it like all the shows that I feel
like fashion here I mean I like fashion
from all over the world but I think she
does some she catches people really just
like to like know how to dress and I
think like it really shows on Italian
people especially and like in summer
time I mean it's hard but it's so
beautiful so I'm happy to be here do you
plan on going to any other fashion shows
today or this week yeah for this week
for sure just like tonight I just have
events and I'm at some unis I don't have
any other shows but tomorrow and my
cheese is gonna be super busy so a lot
of shows that it's always nice and what
is your favorite part about Missoni what
do you like most about their shows I
thought I love the colors I love like
just everything about their history just
like it's a it's a historical brand like
it has so much I mean I mean my mom used
to work with Sony says like I have some
movies sunny dresses better there are
for my mom for my grandma so it's like
amazing to see all the history I like
the colors the prints the fabrics
everything is beautiful it's one of my
favorite brands oh and I follow your
blogs what's your favorite part about
blogging and posting on Instagram I
think the best parties is like being
able to become an influencer so just say
about so many people all of a sudden has
so many people following you and reading
really cares about what you're saying
what you're showing on the blog you know
your social media and you get to travel
the world you get to I mean my job is
like the best job I could ever ask for I
travel I collaborate with amazing brands
I do capsule collection I had my shoe
line I'm writing as a journalist and all
rights just like you always do different
things so can you can really reinvent
yourself all the time so it's
and I'm super happy about like what I'm
doing right now and I'm 20 years old and
I'm getting into the fashion industry
now do you have any advice for someone
who's young I would say just always be
yourself it's very easy I mean it's not
something that everybody tells you but
religious I don't care about what other
people say and just like really just you
have to just find your style and just
really express yourself through clothes
I'm free to say what you're wearing and
also try to have new I mean new things
to say and new ways to show them because
I mean it's everything I mean you really
have to impress people and you can
present on the web being on the web is
easier probably you can also impress
them into real life but you always have
to make a difference so that's my advice
thank you so much for your time I really
appreciate it